Gwenevere Abriel: In the camper.
Lyndsey Lorett: I am in the camper Gwen and I was not aware of the fact that they're there. They started the roof. He started redoing the roof this week.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't know. So there's stuff going on outside, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I, they can't hear me out there, but I, I can hear them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, are you, I'm sometimes that outside sound disappears as the focus gets sort of centered in here. My guess is that will fall away. But if it's so distracting, just let me know.
Lyndsey Lorett: Once they get on the roof. They won't be as loud, they're just starting. So
Lyndsey Lorett: And I got my to stoop can't hear.
When
Lyndsey Lorett: I have a little phone holder.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready
Lyndsey Lorett: And prepared.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's soup cans. Do you happen to have, for they might be a little low. What do you think of that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I can go run in and grab to suit. Two more soup cans.
Gwenevere Abriel: With what I'm going to be wanting is if the phone is here, then you're looking right above it like this.
Lyndsey Lorett: What I have a shampoo and conditioner that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I
Lyndsey Lorett: Do what do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just, just go get even to, like, like you said, shampoo, conditioner to hairspray can sometimes those are nice and tall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, as long as they're about the same height will be good. I'll just stay here. I need to pull up a note anyway.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, I'll be right back.
And plastic
Lyndsey Lorett: Now I don't know if it's, if it's a little bit taller, is that okay
Lyndsey Lorett: Because these are the same height. But they're up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on. Let me just take a little we'll do a little logistics check here. And so let's just have your eyes just going all set the pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And looking at the tops of those objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: On about this pace, just the eyes, not your head just the eyes, left and right. You don't have to look at me at
Gwenevere Abriel: The top. So the objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this straining for your eyes.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do, we got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we do, we improvise adapt overcome.
Lyndsey Lorett: For Kansas City. Over here I got the ocean and shampoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, he was ready to go.
Lyndsey Lorett: I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's see where we're going to go with this today.
Gwenevere Abriel: The things that I kind of have some background noise, if you will, or thoughts are things going on in the background are. I know you met with Dr. Rob real. I think she's added a benzodiazepine
Gwenevere Abriel: That working for you and how many times are you taking it and how many milligrams
Lyndsey Lorett: It's one milligram and
Lyndsey Lorett: I took one yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What time of day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, I usually take it 30 to 45 minutes before I change my wound and that varies every day.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because my father in law does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK, I see, yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: But I yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you. Has anyone ever changed the word the dressing, other than your father in law historically
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, yes. Um, and I was going to
Lyndsey Lorett: A physical therapist. They don't have any wound Centers here in gallop. It's a very remote area. And so I went to
Lyndsey Lorett: The physical therapist actually had a background in wound care. So he would, he would do it and take pictures. And then once a month, I would drive to Farmington with the actual wound doctor
Lyndsey Lorett: To monitor the progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you sort of look at the experience of
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have the physic the PT is going to change my dressing.
Lyndsey Lorett: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that that 30 that build up right that time before. Um, do you remember the intensity of distress being high
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know. I don't know that distress is the right word.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me the word
Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I was more I was more comfortable with him. I took way less medicine with him. I'm just a really nice guy in a really nice nurse and they were slow and paid attention and um I had anxiety about it but
Lyndsey Lorett: Only when they would do the womb debris moments.
Lyndsey Lorett: One to twice a week. That's when I would take the Xanax with the physical therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where they are sort of getting cleaning it right
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, they go a little deeper event.
Lyndsey Lorett: Just the surface.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this gentleman. Do you remember the PTS name.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh my goodness. No I do not.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you remember that you were when you sort of compare it
Lyndsey Lorett: Like the experience. Yes. And how I felt.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he was slower. He paid attention so pulling EVEN THE TAPE AWAY was slower was slower than paying attention. What was the paying attention to.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm just making sure that I was in the most comfortable state to to to what the wound change.
Lyndsey Lorett: They don't just rip it off and then look at it and then put you back together like the womb actual wound clinic does. They're very rough and fast. They're very fast. Um, but he did. He just took his time.
Gwenevere Abriel: He paid attention to how how you were doing.
Lyndsey Lorett: Mm hmm. Like,
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you do that.
Lyndsey Lorett: And if something hurts. He would stop or go slower.
Lyndsey Lorett: Or stay away from the area that was hurting
Lyndsey Lorett: And also, um, my insurance doesn't cover white cane.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so
Lyndsey Lorett: The the
Lyndsey Lorett: Months that I was seeing him. He had liquid light. It came and
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm that stuff's like gold, but my insurance won't cover it I battled and battled and battled them on this, they'll only covered the 3% cream. Um, and they said, I can't put the cream on the wound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I think Dr. Real gave you her
Gwenevere Abriel: Thoughts on that.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: father in law is doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he with you on this travel right now on this trip.
Lyndsey Lorett: Now I'm doing. I'm going to do it myself.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just don't do as good of a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you aren't able, I'm assuming, to get
Gwenevere Abriel: A practitioner to come to you and assist you in the wound care like insurance won't cover that either.
Lyndsey Lorett: They don't have. They don't have home health here.
Lyndsey Lorett: They have one company and they will only treat people who are completely bed bound
Lyndsey Lorett: So we I've tried
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not necessarily the
Gwenevere Abriel: medical training because physical therapists and models will be doctors with how much training they get I watched someone go through that. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: But the attunement that that
Lyndsey Lorett: When
Lyndsey Lorett: Glenn. Can you hear me.
Lyndsey Lorett: just froze.
Lyndsey Lorett: I know, I know what to do.
Lyndsey Lorett: That was so weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ito super weird. I don't freeze. But everybody. You can see my I was all like where I could see me frozen you frozen and then I walked away and check to see if other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I think my computer went black. So something I think, I think it was. I'm going to go with me. I guess my computer or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're back. We're back up.
Lyndsey Lorett: So I didn't know what to do. I was like, do I leave the meeting. Do I like what do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. You just want to do so, we were exploring sort of distinguishing between what has worked and what hasn't. So what we're at right now is you having to do it yourself. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I also have something in, in the, the background to that I want to check in on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how the you guys do those brief addiction monitors. I don't look at them very often. Like, not very often at all. They're mostly I think for the doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I dive right in. Like, I am today. Just wherever you guys are out. Let's work where we're at. But I wanted this time, I do want to check in with you a little bit and see
Gwenevere Abriel: If this approach that I'm taking isn't quite what you're looking for and what I can do to make a shift. So check in and see if there's anything you want me to do a little differently or what I can do. Maybe to change the focus or how I can improve
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so I'm a little confused about that question.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, that things things need to go in a different direction. They're not we're not making progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm okay all do this. Why don't I I'm. Oh, how did I do this. Are you making the progress you want. Let's, let's do that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, am I making the yet. Oh, yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I think I'll just pull up one of these little bands and we'll look at it together. And we'll see, we'll see because I'm again I don't look at it very often. So that's why I'm asking this question. I'm listening to you and your you sound confused.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't understand the question. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, it had to do. Well, I'll just pull this up in this way it'll keep us real specific I about that my programs aren't all up anymore. I have to dance a little bit here and singing, dancing dancing dancing to get pulls back up.
Lyndsey Lorett: With a Bam.
Lyndsey Lorett: The week that I had my meltdown.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no idea. Honestly,
Lyndsey Lorett: That one was a high numbered
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wow, okay. So let me just go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull. There you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get you up here. It's not in the same database as my clinical record.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different place almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like it's probably gonna be
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see a few of them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: For all 13
Gwenevere Abriel: So physical health three anxiety to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensitive sound weak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicotine for
Gwenevere Abriel: Absence confidence one cravings to
Gwenevere Abriel: I can pull it up so you can see what I'm looking at. I'm just doing a broad stroke. I'm looking down at 1234 all together and then I'll go in and I'll open the screen and you can see what I'm looking at two. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, so what one
Lyndsey Lorett: We want them to be zero. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost to that question. Almost there. So the one I must have caught my eye. I don't even honestly know when it was, it may have been over the weekend or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Days high pain, three days pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different functioning three recovery goal progress to it's been steady at a to
Gwenevere Abriel: This is it. Okay, so let's do this. I'll show you kind of what I'm just now touching on
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is a broad stroke view. And then we're going to open up one specifically so you can see what I'm doing. So this is broad stroke. This is stepping back from it and seeing them collectively, you can't see the dates their way over here, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's just look at a couple of things. So here, you say days high pain. This was this happens I remembered it was April 13th. But look, this was actually a lower pain day you had had pretty high. This is for a four is the highest
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recovery goals pretty steady on a to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know ER visits and counselor alignment is the one I'm referring to. This is actually the topic that I'm bringing up. It was a three. It got high to a four, which is the highest, it can be. And it's dropped down to a three. Same with physician support.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can see goals starting talk more. And as a first time I'm looking at it literally looking at this with you for the first time to talking more about what I'm going through that was a goal you had my
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: My health and then this one I think was on for 13 continuing with being open and honest to get
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. So we should have the date over here. I don't know how to make it do that, unfortunately. So what we're gonna do is we're going to dip in. We're going to go look at this one. Okay, this is the most recent one is that, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you that question you had will be answered with the number question you had, I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: To do it. I think it's this little pencil not it's going to be a little eyeball. There it is. So there's the eyeball. And yes, so this data service looks like it was for 13 what day a week is that false. That's a Monday.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, usually do it the night before, because it's
Gwenevere Abriel: So smart. Okay, so this is how it looks for us when we're reviewing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have continuing some smoking. These are all zeros as far as
Gwenevere Abriel: Others substance use, then we have risk physical health, and this when I put my hand over over this, we can see what's going on in there. So we say physical health you rated as a fair
Gwenevere Abriel: Cravings and withdrawal you rate considerably depression, anxiety days. What number did you give it a two and anger. You're putting it at about two days, probably you had a couple days of that right at that point sleep issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, how confident you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Considerably
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, so, but our answers aren't numbered, aren't they, like, somewhat um
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see the screen.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, I'm going to move you for a minute and make it larger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me too. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm making a finger to. So if I see when I put my mouse over it, we won't spend a lot more time on here. We'll go another place with this, but see where it says considerably equals one.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there you go. So those numbers translate of when you're doing it, probably to a word and you marked it so it shows considerably. Now your abstinent confidence at this point. It wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Extremely but it was pretty good considerably is still a really high ranking. Wouldn't you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, OK. And then, so we've got recovery goals and how is her progress doing moderately
Gwenevere Abriel: Spiritual recovery considerably.
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive support, uh, let's see, in the past seven days How many days were you in contact or spend time with family members or friends who are supportive of your recovery, you spent two days.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, that comes from my church recovery group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, nice days high pain. Looks like you put a three three means three to four days high pain days pain funky and festivities. How many days has your pain prevented you from engaging and daily activities and you put three three equals three, four days. So pretty significant right
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, a three announcer alignment, do you and your counselor. That's me agree on what is important for you to work on. This is where I want to know what I can do.
Lyndsey Lorett: Tonight.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, because I'm pretty sure I answered.
Lyndsey Lorett: That things were going really well with my providers and my therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have they they put things in categories. And this is just a place for me to adjust
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I need to adjust this is this is great. This gives people a chance to to make a point without, you know, having to do it during the session or maybe they're uncomfortable doing it.
Lyndsey Lorett: So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got quite a bit is how you said it right. Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What would I do. What could I do to bring it to. Very much so.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think that's just a time thing, but
Lyndsey Lorett: You know, we will we things are going really well, but I, but we need more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. One
Lyndsey Lorett: More session.
Gwenevere Abriel: More sessions. Okay. And is it something I can do. Or in other words we meet meet twice a week, or is it that we just have you and I have to just be patient because of the constraints of insurance or something. We just have to wait for time to pass. And we can do this work together.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, I think just more time would would would help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to schedule more frequently.
Lyndsey Lorett: Do you have time to do more frequently.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can if I can, I can do it. Um, because if that's what's going to be helpful because you're coming into this treatment really
Gwenevere Abriel: really wanting to change really wanting these pieces that psychotherapy has to offer. So look, you know, now that I know what it is. It's not a hey I want you to not do that. Somatic stuff, whenever I want you to just stick with cognitive behavioral
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that I have a better understanding that it's about, well maybe we could move this along if we met more frequently than all look out for times to do it.
Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, that works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's now go over to making the most out of the time we have.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go into the record here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now I've kind of touched on differentiating maybe father in law is a little quick about tearing off those bandages.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just, you know, it's just awkward. In general, but he's been
Lyndsey Lorett: The main person who has seen the wound, how the doctors treat the wound. He knows the most. And even though it's in in my pubic region. I don't feel weird about it.
Lyndsey Lorett: But we do it quickly because it's awkward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So on one hand it's almost like there's. It's not awkward, but it is awkward, isn't it.
Lyndsey Lorett: It is not awkward. Like I feel like he's
Lyndsey Lorett: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But sexual and creepy, but it's still, it's over, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, for goodness sake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it was a father in law. What's he doing are aged me around there. Yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got some dry lips here so
Gwenevere Abriel: I got that. And then I also have this other piece of information which Dr L on real. I think I mentioned to you about doing some imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, doing some desensitization to it and maybe even having
Gwenevere Abriel: What I would call maybe a touchstone or a grounding object that we could maybe sort of help with that trepidation that comes right before you're about to do the the the wound care.
Yes.
Lyndsey Lorett: Tonight I'm willing to try
Anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in an environment that is somewhat out of the norm in the sense that you don't have all the stuff that you normally have access to. But you may have something around so look around your environment and see if you have a little object that is neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to have a little stone here. It's pretty neutral, it's not completely neutral because it has a word on it. So it has a positive attribute to it. Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: But you mean completely blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, neutral or I guess I could say positive and let me just see what you come up with. It could be a little thing like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be easily kept in a pocket, but something that you could conceivably carry with you something kind of small.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be a pebble might be a marble, it might be some other little objects. So just take a look around your body. If we can't find it quickly. Then I'll shift gears and we'll do something else. Because we're going to have to improvise a little bit because you're in an unusual setting.
Lyndsey Lorett: I am in. I don't have anything in here at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that commonly people have like we have erasers.
Lyndsey Lorett: We have a
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a lipstick here with us. We
Gwenevere Abriel: Have maybe a specific pin kind of distinct. See if you've got something
Lyndsey Lorett: I have a pen. I have my pen, it goes with my journal
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, goes with my journal everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep let's keep experimenting. All I'm looking over here and I
Gwenevere Abriel: don't floss.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm what I have to improvise. I got to work with what I got.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got this pretty kind of a little, little string here.
Lyndsey Lorett: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm also thinking about what you may have in a makeup case you may have in in your bathroom, something that is really small that we could have a connection to we could kind of do some work around this. You might have a small piece of fabric you might have a tissue.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, yeah, I do have
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what we can come up with, because it's going to I want something that we can link it to and you can have it in your pocket.
Lyndsey Lorett: Have it in my pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the line, not right now but down the line, later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: A magnet.
Lyndsey Lorett: Cloth when
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this a washcloth like a nice one that you would never cut into pieces.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, oh no, I could cut it into pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might be something that you might decide that washcloth is kind of clunky and cumbersome and it may be too large, you may decide to only have like a small little piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we could use that. Does that have a distinct texture to it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me go in here and get get in touch with some of your imagery, you already have.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as those sounds come and go. You just attend to them and then you just let them go. You have you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasted good
Lyndsey Lorett: Listening to
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you become aware of them. It's just this sort of acknowledgement and then a turning inward to whatever is coming up in imagination you coming up in imagery and coming up in the tactile okay and that'll be right in your hand. So first,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do a combination of things to spend some time sort of cultivating that imagery with that that texture. I've got only 20 minutes here, but I'm going to do what I can.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, what are we
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. I would invite you to close your eyes and kind of take a nice nourishing breaths. Breathing into that lower lower lung that lower belly that belly breathing that I kind of taught
Gwenevere Abriel: Really giving yourself a chance to connect in Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your perspective that your intuition. Your wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection of the self nurturing and the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this wise figures right that figure of dad be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can trust in that in that that's present
Gwenevere Abriel: That the protective quality of God, a strong guy, someone protecting his family and community that that quality be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that visualization very clear in your working mind you're thinking about it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And making sure that you are interacting with those qualities of nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you have a clearly in your mind, in your right hand, I'd like you to be touching
Gwenevere Abriel: That fabric with your thumb and index finger or in any other way. It feels right for you and your right hand.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, I've been holding it like this.
Lyndsey Lorett: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so now pull up that imagery and be touching it. And then I want you to open your eyes. And I'm going to do some bilateral movement. It'll be slow to when you're ready, you decide when you want to open your eyes and I'll be here, and I'll set the pace with my hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're interacting is the quality of nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: The safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the presence of trusting in wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And moving also to how those fabric fields on the fingers and putting those two just back and forth just feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And imagining and feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and let's go with that. So just hold those two things, those quality of imagery, nice and slow, back and forth, not looking at me. You're looking at the top. So the objects.
Lyndsey Lorett: Oh, I didn't know we were ok
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the working awareness is the imagery of protective figure and in your right hand is the fabric.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing the difference when it wasn't in your hand and now is in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connecting it
Gwenevere Abriel: To safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: The wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trusting in that wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the nurturing of God.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that fabric.
Gwenevere Abriel: The subtle movements between one part of it. The other maybe the edge of it feels a little different. Just really focusing on this imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how your body feels as you're doing this now tuning into the body. Nice.
Lyndsey Lorett: wonderful feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice where that wonderfulness is just tuning in, where it shifted sit in the chest, shoulders, the legs just tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that fabric again bring your awareness to the fabric.
Gwenevere Abriel: To where that truth resides in your body of what you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can feel that fabric that's exactly how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know how your body feels it's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's what you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: The imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: God
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise Man being present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to hold all of that at once you're doing amazing we're working very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's do an inhale through the nose, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it all go let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: For even a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: The notion of having quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Word between a note of music, their space.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, let me check in.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well what what's coming up for you. Just in so far as we're progressing right now. What are you noticing.
Lyndsey Lorett: What when we first started, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean, I could I visualized, you know, talking to God that it was him and I, and we were talking and I'm just, you know, filling his love and but there was a point when
Lyndsey Lorett: We were doing the back and forth. I just had like an overwhelming feeling that I wanted to cry.
Lyndsey Lorett: Even though we were focusing on something wonderful
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were brought up a point here. My guess is
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it perfectly. That's exactly what the mind is supposed to do. That's what this does. What this does, if you, if you go with the one theory, which is that it's a distraction that it's distracting enough for the mind that that a fragment can come up on its own out of the memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or wherever it comes up. And so that is probably what just happened. And normally what I would say is, go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we set our intention today to do a particular goal which was to sort of change the experience and meaning of that tactile wanting it to be this experience for you. So let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just go to just, I'm going to pull back on the end. Dr. Part the bilateral piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just going to do just the imagery and just the sensation of the tak tak just going to put those two things together just holding on in your right hand. You did everything right. That's exactly what we want a full hour to do that process work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, find some time. Also, this week, even, maybe we can continue that.
Lyndsey Lorett: But a memory didn't come up when I felt like I was
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay got it right on time. That's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So good candidate for you and Dr. To work. That's what I just saw.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, I'm good. It'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why not. I mean, you write it you allowed right the mind wants look the mind wants to heal itself. It really does. We want to be whole we want to feel like we're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: He wants to check some things out. So we'll, we'll get into that. But first, let's see if we can do a little bit around this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this fabric. So let's put let's do right hand. In fact, I'm gonna I'm gonna hold something in my right hand. I've got something in my right hand here okay I'm picturing some of the imagery that you
Gwenevere Abriel: You have Summit, which is talking with God.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, just sort of picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this this is that sort of conduit. This is the fabric that when you want to quickly connect with that conversation with God that you can touch this fabric.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the idea is
Gwenevere Abriel: tuning into how your body feels
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're feeling this fabric and you're picturing all of that love and comfort and peace that comes from talking with God.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how the body feels, see if there's any resistance to it or if it's if it's complete just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to anything that comes up.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just go an overwhelming joy that in the moment that I am upset that I'll have this and I can just touch it and and maybe it'll
Lyndsey Lorett: pull me back for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's like my happy place.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's exactly right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So because we we did start to develop this really late in in the hour, though. My guess is, you're going to need a little bit more in time with it, you can certainly do that on your own. We can do it together. But let's go back to how your body was doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Just why don't we pay attention to what's happening now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay there any charge tension.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of words and it feels to describe what the body's going through, but just pay attention to anything going on in your body right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: I just feel very
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel very relaxed. No, no part of my body is 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even even in the abdomen, even in the chest in the breath throat head arms, legs, all of that is relaxed.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel in your right hand the fabric.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Describe the fabric to me.
Lyndsey Lorett: That fabric feels a little bumpy I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Not really course just
Lyndsey Lorett: It's sewn together really well.
Lyndsey Lorett: And it's got little phrase.
Lyndsey Lorett: Shrink coming on.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as you notice this phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: That they are
Gwenevere Abriel: The strings to God.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. Little bit. Oh, I, I put the whole thing as God
Lyndsey Lorett: I moving it to just that one part
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Just the way you're doing it is the way it's going to work for you. I put my two cents in just shoe my stuff away. I like what you're doing better.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole thing, the whole thing is God, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's test it, just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I would like you to picture, far, far away. Maybe all the way over here in Florida. I'm holding
Gwenevere Abriel: Something dressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To change your one
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you notice as soon as I said that
Lyndsey Lorett: My heart surgery to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go into that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to how that fabric feels
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is it connected to the imagery, just see what comes up.
Lyndsey Lorett: I feel like when I when I'm touching this part. Everything else kind of fades away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your voice does sound like it has something sort of right on the edge. What am I hearing
Lyndsey Lorett: Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: I've just never ever felt
Lyndsey Lorett: Something that can block out
Lyndsey Lorett: Other things
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion, you're feeling right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: That it's just so simple it's you know, it's so simple and
Lyndsey Lorett: It's just, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound like either a joy or a sad. I'm not sure what what
Lyndsey Lorett: Happy. It's like a happy cry. Sorry.
Lyndsey Lorett: I never, I've never been able to block to block out things and just focus on one thing never
Lyndsey Lorett: Never
Gwenevere Abriel: Use YOU FELT IT YOU COULD YOU YOU SAW IT WAS A melting away right as soon as you tuned into like feeling the edge like let's go there again. Let's go right into the fray and
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, again, it's probably just going to be a small piece that you may decide to to cut, you don't have to do it now because you're already in this camper. And you can kind of keep it whole like on your mind, but so there it is. And so, feel it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you're willing to bring this dressing, at least maybe over to what is what's a closer state Louisiana.
Gwenevere Abriel: To close out just the other side of Florida.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got a giggle will notice the heart. See how the hearts doing
Gwenevere Abriel: And go right back to how that right hand feels maybe play with other fingers. Give them a chance to enjoy that joy as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: If this is the conduit. This is the wiring fabric weaves you immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: To God wisdom or utterance, what's the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happens in the imagination. When you picture that dressing over here in Florida. If you are protected. What happens to that dressing. And what's the meaning of that dressing.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: I don't know.
Lyndsey Lorett: It doesn't seem to have this same effect as the first time my heart rate didn't go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Carry a song.
Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: That is curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's see if this dressing were to get further or closer to you. Which one means protection of you, it gets closer to you or further from you.
Lyndsey Lorett: I think. Either way, it's the same
Lyndsey Lorett: Distance isn't gonna
Lyndsey Lorett: gonna change that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to imagination. Again, let's turn attention to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fabric.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel the bumps.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let it resonate clearly to your connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: To protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: To knowing to trusting just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trusting
Gwenevere Abriel: In it wanting your full potential be reached.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can
Gwenevere Abriel: This dressing bring you protection.
Lyndsey Lorett: I mean it's it
Lyndsey Lorett: I can't, I can't be protected from it right now. Well,
Lyndsey Lorett: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's what I just heard, I know you want to finish that sentence, but it sounds like you still see this dressing as something to be protected from. Is that right,
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the intention of the dressing.
Lyndsey Lorett: I admit there. Well, it
Lyndsey Lorett: Loses a lot. There's a lot of drainage.
Lyndsey Lorett: So it's so except the drainage.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then
Lyndsey Lorett: And
Lyndsey Lorett: That and then we put a protective thing to help against
Lyndsey Lorett: an antibiotic or night antibiotics, but infection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that protection. What do you call that, what is that is that I like a plastic sticky bandage.
Lyndsey Lorett: On as well. It's called Hydra bear blue. Um, but then we put the sticky thing over that.
Lyndsey Lorett: And then we put an add pad because it leaks so much that that stops it from coming through my pants and looking like I peed myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is
Lyndsey Lorett: Which is
Lyndsey Lorett: This huge binder that holds me and
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this protective thing this hydrotherapy blue and right the sticky thing over it and all of this, this whole process.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounded like
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted to protect yourself from it.
Lyndsey Lorett: I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Protecting you
Lyndsey Lorett: What do you mean
Literally
Lyndsey Lorett: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it helping you.
Lyndsey Lorett: The wound the
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the protective thing hydro Sarah blue
That whole
Gwenevere Abriel: Dressing I'm calling it dressing, which is like four or five different things going on over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, addressing is it to protect you. Is it to help you.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, it's it's essential
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take your right hand and let's feel that fabric. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with those words. This is essential.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that fabric.
Gwenevere Abriel: And feel that connection to the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing just what to do.
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm feeling a blockage.
Haha
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm filling up that it's not connecting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Is that normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. It's happening. So of course it's normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanna, I can see my next client just got here. I'm gonna, I'm looking at my book right now to see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Soon when, in general, what did the next few days look like for you. So I can see what even as possible.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because we have, um,
Lyndsey Lorett: This week I think this is, I don't think we can do it this week.
Lyndsey Lorett: But next week, we could do twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's let some will you be back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ability to meet at seven again maybe on April.
Lyndsey Lorett: It, you said April 29
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Wednesday.
Lyndsey Lorett: at 7am yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: For a hot second
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm looking for
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I can do unless I think I can do 10 on May 1
Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would give you three services in that week so that intense for you mean but notice we got we didn't get the feeding get the full deal around this imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It'd be nice to just as soon as we sort of login to just kick in on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's the blockage. That's, that's right. I think what it needs is more time, more imagery, more and more time spent, that's all we just kind of did it halfway
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and so I would want to know more about that blockage and and and we would spend more time with it.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, perfect. Um,
Lyndsey Lorett: Alright, so we're we're
Gwenevere Abriel: A plan.
Lyndsey Lorett: Have a plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll see you
Gwenevere Abriel: Next group and then I'll see you, April 29 and then I'll see you also may 1 and as always I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Send a text. The, the night. Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: Sheet that
Gwenevere Abriel: When I remember it these days I've been pretty pretty darn good at it. But there is a chance I'll forget
Gwenevere Abriel: But just, you know, it's still
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm usually on top of my appointment.
Lyndsey Lorett: They're important. All right, thank you. Glenn.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay, bye.